1. Do you like bags? What type of bags do you like?

I can't say that I am kind of person who loves bags but I do use one on a daily basis.I mostly use a backpack because I go to the gym regularly.This type of bag is pretty convenient to carry all my training clothes.

2 Do you have different bags for different occasions?

Yes, I do.It is extremely important to have different bags for different occasions. As I am fashionable person,I always use a bag that suits my outfit.On top of that you feel awkward when you carry inappropriate bags for a specific occasion.For example,when you go to a wedding or party,it is not advisable to carry a backpack or laptop bag.

3. Do you usually carry your bag when you go out?

Not always. It depends on the situation. When
I go for a walk, I don't usually carry a bag. Because the only thing that I have to take with my phone, so I don't need to carry a bag. But when I go out with my friends, I take my wallet with me instead of a bao It is very convenient because I can put my all belongings like keys, credit cards and m ymit.

4. What do you put in your bag?

It depends on where I am going and what kind of bag I am carrying.
As I mostly use a laptop bag, I obviously put my laptop in it. And, my bag has special pockets where I can keep my pens and pencils as well. When I go to the gym, I always carry my backpack as it is big enough to put all my clothes in it. Also, it has an inside apartment I put my keys and credit cards in it.

5. When you are buying a bag, what factors do you consider?

There are a number of factors that I always take into account when I am buying a bag. First of all, I always pay attention to its design: it should be elegant and up-to date at the same time. Secondly, I focus on its quality because I want my bag to serve for a long time. It should be durable and waterproof.

6. Do you often change your bags? 

Not that often. Because I have a variety of bags. That is why, I use special bags for special occasions. That's why they serve me for a long time. So, I buy bags once or twice a year at most