1. Are friends important to you?

Yes, of course. They are an indispensable part of my life. As I am living far away from my family now, they are the only ones who I can rely on all the time. When I have a problem regardless of what it is, they always support me. That is why, they are crucial to me.

2. What do you do with your friends?

As we have a lot of interests in common, there are various activities we can do together. For example, most of my friends, just like me, are keen on playing football, so when we get together, we tend to play football. Because it is a good way of spending time with my friends. At the same time, it is extremely useful for our health.

3. Do you have many friends?

No, I don't. As I always prefer quality to quantity. I always try to keep a small circle of friends. Because only true friends can support you when you have bad days. I should admit that I have a large circle of casual acquaintances, but I cannot consider them as a true friend.

4. Do you prefer one friend or many friends?

As I said before, I always prefer to have a few friends. I have one c'- st friend who I can share all my problems d feelings. We had so many unforgettable memories.


5. Do your friends think you're a good friend?

I guess my friends consider me a reliable and supportive friend. We share trust, support, and memorable experiences. When they had ups and downs in life, I always supported them. I never betrayed on them

6. What kind of friend do you want to meet in the future?

There are several qualities that I want to see in my future friend. The most important one is loyalty. He should be loyal when I have problems in life. In addition, he should have a sense of humor. Because when I have a difficulty, he should be able to change improve my mood. The last thing which I really appreciate is support. I think not only me but also all people want to have a supportive friend.

7. Do you prefer spending time with friends or alone?

It depends. When I am in a bad mood, I prefer to stay alone. As I put others first, I don't want to have a negative impact on my friends when I am sad. But in other cases, I always try to be with friends.