1.What is your hometown?

Well, I was born in a small town called Shakhrisabz and grew up
there. It is located in Kashkadarya region in the south of my country.

2. Is that a big city or a small place?

Actually, it is a small town with slightly more than 20 thousand
people. It has a breathtaking view of picturesque landscapes with
rolling mountains and greenish lakes. We can’t compare its size with
big cities like Tashhkent or Samarkand. However, due to the increasing
economy, it is turning into a promising area.

3. Please describe your hometown a little?

My hometown is both traditional and modern. On the one hand,
tradition is preserved by a number of festivals celebrated by local people
and there are a lot of historical buildings and ancient monuments.
That’s why, tourist from all over the world pay a visit to my
hometown to see these monuments and festivals. On the other hand,
because of new high-rise buildings and amusement parks my little
hometown is turning into a modern worth-living place.

4.How long have you been living there?

I had lived there for about 15 years before my family moved to
Tashkent. It’s more than ten years since the day I left my hometown, but
it is indeed a good memory of my childhood.

5. What do you like most about your hometown?

I like the hospitality and the love of people in my hometown. People
in my hometown live close together and they are always willing to help
others. But in Tashkent it is very difficult to find supportive people
because everyone is busy with their work.
6. Is there anything you dislike about it?

Personally, it’s a bit boring for me because as a small town, there is
not much shopping mall or any other means of entertainment. The
streets are not very crowded as well. However, I believe that it has been
improving day by day and becoming a potential hotspot due to the
increasing number of annual visitors.

7.Do you think you will continue living there for a long time?

No, I don’t think so. To be honest, I hope I could come back there one
day to visit my relatives and friends, but to settle down my life there is
not my plan. As there are more job opportunities and the minimum
salary is much higher in a city, I’m more likely to live in a city in the
future.

8. Has your hometown changed over the last 20 years?

It has witnessed a drastic transformation over the last 2 decades. I
could barely find tall buildings even in the city center about 20 years
ago, but now I can easily catch sight of skyscrapers and tower blocks
there.

9. Are there any changes you would like to make in your hometown?

I would like to improve the infrastructure conditions there so that I
can avoid being stuck in the traffic jam during the rush hours. Also, I
want to see more parks and green spaces in my hometown.

10. What do people in your town do?

Agriculture and fishing are common in my hometown. Also, with the
latest modernization, numerous office jobs have appeared in my town.