1.Can you describe the place where you live?

Well, now I live in a flat located in Chilanzar district. My current
flat is located on the 9th floor of one of the residential buildings. It is a
2-bedroom apartment with a small kitchen, bathroom and a cozy
balcony.

2. What kind of housing accommodation do you live in?

As I said before, I am living in a flat now. If I am not mistaken, I have ben residing in this flat for the last 4 or 5 years. But in the past, I used to live in a big house with my family in my hometown.

3. What do you like about your flat?

The first thing I like about current flat is its convenient location. As
it is situated in the city center, all important facilities like cafes,
restaurants and shopping malls are located within a walking distance.
On top of that, I live in an upscaled neighborhood, maybe that’s why
I like its location.

4. Which room does your family spend most of the time in?

Living room, definitely. As a big screen TV is attached on the wall of
our living room, we tend to spend time there. There is also a round table
in the middle of the room, so it is very convenient to sit and talk while
watching.

5. What can you see from the windows where you live?

As I live on the 9th floor, I can see a nice view of sky land. When the
weather is rainy, I enjoy watching the city by the window with a cup of
coffee. There is a small playground close to my flat, whenever I look of the window , I can see children playing there

8. Do you prefer living in a house or flat?

If I had a chance, I would live in a house because of its plenty of
advantage. First of all, you can avoid regular complains from your
neighbors, if you live in a house. Also, it has also the advantage of
having a backyard where you can spend time with your family. Even
you can build a small swimming pool, which comes in handy in hot
summer months.

9. What would you like to change in your flat?

Wow, I have been thinking about changing the interior design of my
kitchen. Since there is plenty of equipment in my kitchen, it seems
very small to me. So, I am going to change the location of kitchen
equipment to make it a bit more spacious. Maybe I have to replace a
big oven with a small one to make room for walking.

10.What do you dislike about your flat?

I don’t like my next-door neighbor. She is an old Russian lady and she
always complains about the noise I make. She doesn’t allow me to
invite my friends and have a party. It makes me crazy, If I had a
chance, I would change my neighbor.
