1. Do you prefer rainy days or sunny days?

The former. I love rainy weather because it gives me a feeling that I can hardly find from other weather types. I like travelling across the city by bus listening to my favorite song. Also, I enjoy watching the outside sitting by window when the weather is rainy.

2. What do you do on rainy days?

It depends on my mood. If I feel energetic, I will go for a walk taking my umbrella with me and enjoy the fresh rainy weather. When I am in bad mood, I will stay at home and just lie down or watch Netflix.

3. Do you like wet weather? (Do you prefer wet or dry weather?)

Of course, I do. I am a rain lover. When the weather is rainy outside, there is nothing better going out and travelling with an umbrella. It is a good way of refreshing your mind.

4. Is there any part in your country where it doesn't rain much?

Yes, there is. There are certain areas in Uzbekistan where it doesn't rain much. Because these areas are considered as a desert and aren't surrounded by mountains. That's why, the level of rainfall is extremely low. Even in spring or fall, it doesn't rain much in those areas.

5. What do you usually do when it starts to rain and you are outside?

As soon as it stars to rain, I immediately look for a shelter where I can be safe from getting wet. Then I can worry about how to get my destination, I usually wait for a while and if the rain doesn't stop, I call taxi.

6. Do you think rain is good?

Yes, I think so. Rain is extremely vital for countries' agriculture. This is mainly because farming depends on sufficient amount of rainfall. Therefore, farmers love rain. Because a lack of rain can be devastating for their crops.

7. How does rain affect life in your country?

Unfortunately, it affects negatively! Since our cities don't have proper drainage systems, everywhere gets flooded as soon as it starts to rain. Besides that, villages located in mountainous areas suffer from it. Heavy rain may cut them off from the outer world by destroying the bridges connecting the village to other places.

8. Have you ever had to change your plans because of the rain?

Yes, I have! I have had to change my plans several times due to pouring rain. For example, last spring to be precise in April, we were going to have a picnic in a mountain with our course mates. Unfortunately, there was heavy rain on that day, that's why, we had to cancel our picnic.